Our animation keyframes are called sprite, and I have only one keyframe defined. This keyframe has an identifier of 100% which specifies what the animation's final behavior should be. That behavior is to set the background-position property's horizontal position to a negative value. **The size of this value determines by how much the sprite image needs to be shifted to the left by, and this value is almost always the full width of your sprite sheet.** Depending on the tool used to generate your sprite sheet, you may need to do some manual adjustments. **The blue circles sprite sheet is 7500 pixels wide, but after removing some unused space, the actual size to shift the image by is 7224 pixels.** The negative of that is what you see as the value for the background-position property.

If you recall, we never specified the number of pixels to slide our sprite sheet by. That is because that value is automatically calculated based on how many pixels you are shifting left and how many frames your steps function is dealing with. If you divide these two numbers together, you get the number of pixels your sprite sheet is going to be shifted by.

In our case, **the division looks as follows: 7224 / 24 = 301**. Our CSS animation shifts the sprite image by 301 pixels each frame. This number is a bit different than the 300 pixel size we gave our spriteContainer element, but that's OK. Where did this extra one pixel come from? It may have been added by Flash when generating the sprite. Who knows. #math
